# ModelInvoiceResponse

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Id** | Pointer to **string** | The invoice id | [optional] [readonly] 
**ObjectName** | Pointer to **string** | The invoice object name | [optional] [readonly] 
**InvoiceNumber** | Pointer to **string** | The invoice number | [optional] [readonly] 
**Contact** | Pointer to [**ModelInvoiceResponseContact**](ModelInvoiceResponseContact.md) |  | [optional] 
**Create** | Pointer to **time.Time** | Date of invoice creation | [optional] [readonly] 
**Update** | Pointer to **time.Time** | Date of last invoice update | [optional] [readonly] 
**SevClient** | Pointer to [**ModelContactCustomFieldSettingResponseSevClient**](ModelContactCustomFieldSettingResponseSevClient.md) |  | [optional] 
**InvoiceDate** | Pointer to **string** | Needs to be provided as timestamp or dd.mm.yyyy | [optional] [readonly] 
**Header** | Pointer to **string** | Normally consist of prefix plus the invoice number | [optional] [readonly] 
**HeadText** | Pointer to **string** | Certain html tags can be used here to format your text | [optional] [readonly] 
**FootText** | Pointer to **string** | Certain html tags can be used here to format your text | [optional] [readonly] 
**TimeToPay** | Pointer to **string** | The time the customer has to pay the invoice in days | [optional] [readonly] 
**DiscountTime** | Pointer to **string** | If a value other than zero is used for the discount attribute,      you need to specify the amount of days for which the discount is granted. | [optional] [readonly] 
**Discount** | Pointer to **string** | If you want to give a discount, define the percentage here. Otherwise provide zero as value | [optional] [readonly] 
**AddressCountry** | Pointer to [**ModelInvoiceResponseAddressCountry**](ModelInvoiceResponseAddressCountry.md) |  | [optional] 
**PayDate** | Pointer to **time.Time** | Needs to be timestamp or dd.mm.yyyy | [optional] [readonly] 
**CreateUser** | Pointer to [**ModelInvoiceResponseCreateUser**](ModelInvoiceResponseCreateUser.md) |  | [optional] 
**DeliveryDate** | Pointer to **time.Time** | Timestamp. This can also be a date range if you also use the attribute deliveryDateUntil | [optional] [readonly] 
**Status** | Pointer to **string** | Please have a look in our       &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://api.sevdesk.de/#section/Types-and-status-of-invoices&#39;&gt;Types and status of invoices&lt;/a&gt;       to see what the different status codes mean | [optional] [readonly] 
**SmallSettlement** | Pointer to **bool** | Defines if the client uses the small settlement scheme.      If yes, the invoice must not contain any vat | [optional] [readonly] 
**ContactPerson** | Pointer to [**ModelInvoiceResponseContactPerson**](ModelInvoiceResponseContactPerson.md) |  | [optional] 
**TaxRate** | Pointer to **string** | Is overwritten by invoice position tax rates | [optional] [readonly] 
**TaxText** | Pointer to **string** | A common tax text would be &#39;Umsatzsteuer 19%&#39; | [optional] [readonly] 
**DunningLevel** | Pointer to **string** | Defines how many reminders have already been sent for the invoice.      Starts with 1 (Payment reminder) and should be incremented by one every time another reminder is sent. | [optional] [readonly] 
**TaxType** | Pointer to **string** | Tax type of the invoice. There are four tax types: 1. default - Umsatzsteuer ausweisen 2. eu - Steuerfreie innergemeinschaftliche Lieferung (Europäische Union) 3. noteu - Steuerschuldnerschaft des Leistungsempfängers (außerhalb EU, z. B. Schweiz) 4. custom - Using custom tax set 5. ss - Not subject to VAT according to §19 1 UStG Tax rates are heavily connected to the tax type used. | [optional] [readonly] 
**PaymentMethod** | Pointer to [**ModelInvoiceResponsePaymentMethod**](ModelInvoiceResponsePaymentMethod.md) |  | [optional] 
**CostCentre** | Pointer to [**ModelInvoiceResponseCostCentre**](ModelInvoiceResponseCostCentre.md) |  | [optional] 
**SendDate** | Pointer to **time.Time** | The date the invoice was sent to the customer | [optional] [readonly] 
**Origin** | Pointer to [**ModelInvoiceResponseOrigin**](ModelInvoiceResponseOrigin.md) |  | [optional] 
**InvoiceType** | Pointer to **string** | Type of the invoice. For more information on the different types, check       &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://api.sevdesk.de/#section/Types-and-status-of-invoices&#39;&gt;this&lt;/a&gt; section   | [optional] [readonly] 
**AccountIntervall** | Pointer to **string** | The interval in which recurring invoices are due as ISO-8601 duration.&lt;br&gt;       Necessary attribute for all recurring invoices. | [optional] [readonly] 
**AccountNextInvoice** | Pointer to **string** | Timestamp when the next invoice will be generated by this recurring invoice. | [optional] [readonly] 
**ReminderTotal** | Pointer to **string** | Total reminder amount | [optional] [readonly] 
**ReminderDebit** | Pointer to **string** | Debit of the reminder | [optional] [readonly] 
**ReminderDeadline** | Pointer to **time.Time** | Deadline of the reminder as timestamp | [optional] [readonly] 
**ReminderCharge** | Pointer to **string** | The additional reminder charge | [optional] [readonly] 
**TaxSet** | Pointer to [**ModelInvoiceResponseTaxSet**](ModelInvoiceResponseTaxSet.md) |  | [optional] 
**Address** | Pointer to **string** | Complete address of the recipient including name, street, city, zip and country.       * Line breaks can be used and will be displayed on the invoice pdf. | [optional] [readonly] 
**Currency** | Pointer to **string** | Currency used in the invoice. Needs to be currency code according to ISO-4217 | [optional] [readonly] 
**SumNet** | Pointer to **string** | Net sum of the invoice | [optional] [readonly] 
**SumTax** | Pointer to **string** | Tax sum of the invoice | [optional] [readonly] 
**SumGross** | Pointer to **string** | Gross sum of the invoice | [optional] [readonly] 
**SumDiscounts** | Pointer to **string** | Sum of all discounts in the invoice | [optional] [readonly] 
**SumNetForeignCurrency** | Pointer to **string** | Net sum of the invoice in the foreign currency | [optional] [readonly] 
**SumTaxForeignCurrency** | Pointer to **string** | Tax sum of the invoice in the foreign currency | [optional] [readonly] 
**SumGrossForeignCurrency** | Pointer to **string** | Gross sum of the invoice in the foreign currency | [optional] [readonly] 
**SumDiscountsForeignCurrency** | Pointer to **string** | Discounts sum of the invoice in the foreign currency | [optional] [readonly] 
**SumNetAccounting** | Pointer to **string** | Net accounting sum of the invoice. Is usually the same as sumNet | [optional] [readonly] 
**SumTaxAccounting** | Pointer to **string** | Tax accounting sum of the invoice. Is usually the same as sumTax | [optional] [readonly] 
**SumGrossAccounting** | Pointer to **string** | Gross accounting sum of the invoice. Is usually the same as sumGross | [optional] [readonly] 
**PaidAmount** | Pointer to **float32** | Amount which has already been paid for this invoice by the customer | [optional] [readonly] 
**CustomerInternalNote** | Pointer to **string** | Internal note of the customer. Contains data entered into field &#39;Referenz/Bestellnummer&#39; | [optional] [readonly] 
**ShowNet** | Pointer to **bool** | If true, the net amount of each position will be shown on the invoice. Otherwise gross amount | [optional] [readonly] 
**Enshrined** | Pointer to **time.Time** | Defines if and when invoice was enshrined. Enshrined invoices can not be manipulated. | [optional] [readonly] 
**SendType** | Pointer to **string** | Type which was used to send the invoice. IMPORTANT: Please refer to the invoice section of the       *     API-Overview to understand how this attribute can be used before using it! | [optional] [readonly] 
**DeliveryDateUntil** | Pointer to **string** | If the delivery date should be a time range, another timestamp can be provided in this attribute       * to define a range from timestamp used in deliveryDate attribute to the timestamp used here. | [optional] [readonly] 
**DatevConnectOnline** | Pointer to **map[string]interface{}** | Internal attribute | [optional] [readonly] 
**SendPaymentReceivedNotificationDate** | Pointer to **string** | Internal attribute | [optional] [readonly] 

## Methods

### NewModelInvoiceResponse

`func NewModelInvoiceResponse() *ModelInvoiceResponse`

NewModelInvoiceResponse instantiates a new ModelInvoiceResponse object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewModelInvoiceResponseWithDefaults

`func NewModelInvoiceResponseWithDefaults() *ModelInvoiceResponse`

NewModelInvoiceResponseWithDefaults instantiates a new ModelInvoiceResponse object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetId

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetId() string`

GetId returns the Id field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIdOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetIdOk returns a tuple with the Id field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetId

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) SetId(v string)`

SetId sets Id field to given value.

### HasId

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) HasId() bool`

HasId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetObjectName

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetObjectName() string`

GetObjectName returns the ObjectName field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetObjectNameOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetObjectNameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetObjectNameOk returns a tuple with the ObjectName field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetObjectName

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) SetObjectName(v string)`

SetObjectName sets ObjectName field to given value.

### HasObjectName

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) HasObjectName() bool`

HasObjectName returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetInvoiceNumber

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetInvoiceNumber() string`

GetInvoiceNumber returns the InvoiceNumber field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetInvoiceNumberOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetInvoiceNumberOk() (*string, bool)`

GetInvoiceNumberOk returns a tuple with the InvoiceNumber field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetInvoiceNumber

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) SetInvoiceNumber(v string)`

SetInvoiceNumber sets InvoiceNumber field to given value.

### HasInvoiceNumber

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) HasInvoiceNumber() bool`

HasInvoiceNumber returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetContact

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetContact() ModelInvoiceResponseContact`

GetContact returns the Contact field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetContactOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetContactOk() (*ModelInvoiceResponseContact, bool)`

GetContactOk returns a tuple with the Contact field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetContact

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) SetContact(v ModelInvoiceResponseContact)`

SetContact sets Contact field to given value.

### HasContact

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) HasContact() bool`

HasContact returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCreate

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetCreate() time.Time`

GetCreate returns the Create field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCreateOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetCreateOk() (*time.Time, bool)`

GetCreateOk returns a tuple with the Create field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCreate

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) SetCreate(v time.Time)`

SetCreate sets Create field to given value.

### HasCreate

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) HasCreate() bool`

HasCreate returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetUpdate

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetUpdate() time.Time`

GetUpdate returns the Update field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUpdateOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetUpdateOk() (*time.Time, bool)`

GetUpdateOk returns a tuple with the Update field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUpdate

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) SetUpdate(v time.Time)`

SetUpdate sets Update field to given value.

### HasUpdate

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) HasUpdate() bool`

HasUpdate returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSevClient

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetSevClient() ModelContactCustomFieldSettingResponseSevClient`

GetSevClient returns the SevClient field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSevClientOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetSevClientOk() (*ModelContactCustomFieldSettingResponseSevClient, bool)`

GetSevClientOk returns a tuple with the SevClient field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSevClient

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) SetSevClient(v ModelContactCustomFieldSettingResponseSevClient)`

SetSevClient sets SevClient field to given value.

### HasSevClient

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) HasSevClient() bool`

HasSevClient returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetInvoiceDate

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetInvoiceDate() string`

GetInvoiceDate returns the InvoiceDate field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetInvoiceDateOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetInvoiceDateOk() (*string, bool)`

GetInvoiceDateOk returns a tuple with the InvoiceDate field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetInvoiceDate

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) SetInvoiceDate(v string)`

SetInvoiceDate sets InvoiceDate field to given value.

### HasInvoiceDate

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) HasInvoiceDate() bool`

HasInvoiceDate returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetHeader

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetHeader() string`

GetHeader returns the Header field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetHeaderOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetHeaderOk() (*string, bool)`

GetHeaderOk returns a tuple with the Header field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetHeader

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) SetHeader(v string)`

SetHeader sets Header field to given value.

### HasHeader

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) HasHeader() bool`

HasHeader returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetHeadText

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetHeadText() string`

GetHeadText returns the HeadText field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetHeadTextOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetHeadTextOk() (*string, bool)`

GetHeadTextOk returns a tuple with the HeadText field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetHeadText

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) SetHeadText(v string)`

SetHeadText sets HeadText field to given value.

### HasHeadText

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) HasHeadText() bool`

HasHeadText returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetFootText

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetFootText() string`

GetFootText returns the FootText field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetFootTextOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetFootTextOk() (*string, bool)`

GetFootTextOk returns a tuple with the FootText field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetFootText

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) SetFootText(v string)`

SetFootText sets FootText field to given value.

### HasFootText

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) HasFootText() bool`

HasFootText returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetTimeToPay

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetTimeToPay() string`

GetTimeToPay returns the TimeToPay field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTimeToPayOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetTimeToPayOk() (*string, bool)`

GetTimeToPayOk returns a tuple with the TimeToPay field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTimeToPay

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) SetTimeToPay(v string)`

SetTimeToPay sets TimeToPay field to given value.

### HasTimeToPay

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) HasTimeToPay() bool`

HasTimeToPay returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetDiscountTime

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetDiscountTime() string`

GetDiscountTime returns the DiscountTime field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDiscountTimeOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetDiscountTimeOk() (*string, bool)`

GetDiscountTimeOk returns a tuple with the DiscountTime field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDiscountTime

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) SetDiscountTime(v string)`

SetDiscountTime sets DiscountTime field to given value.

### HasDiscountTime

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) HasDiscountTime() bool`

HasDiscountTime returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetDiscount

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetDiscount() string`

GetDiscount returns the Discount field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDiscountOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetDiscountOk() (*string, bool)`

GetDiscountOk returns a tuple with the Discount field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDiscount

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) SetDiscount(v string)`

SetDiscount sets Discount field to given value.

### HasDiscount

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) HasDiscount() bool`

HasDiscount returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAddressCountry

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetAddressCountry() ModelInvoiceResponseAddressCountry`

GetAddressCountry returns the AddressCountry field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAddressCountryOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetAddressCountryOk() (*ModelInvoiceResponseAddressCountry, bool)`

GetAddressCountryOk returns a tuple with the AddressCountry field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAddressCountry

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) SetAddressCountry(v ModelInvoiceResponseAddressCountry)`

SetAddressCountry sets AddressCountry field to given value.

### HasAddressCountry

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) HasAddressCountry() bool`

HasAddressCountry returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetPayDate

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetPayDate() time.Time`

GetPayDate returns the PayDate field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPayDateOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetPayDateOk() (*time.Time, bool)`

GetPayDateOk returns a tuple with the PayDate field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPayDate

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) SetPayDate(v time.Time)`

SetPayDate sets PayDate field to given value.

### HasPayDate

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) HasPayDate() bool`

HasPayDate returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCreateUser

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetCreateUser() ModelInvoiceResponseCreateUser`

GetCreateUser returns the CreateUser field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCreateUserOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetCreateUserOk() (*ModelInvoiceResponseCreateUser, bool)`

GetCreateUserOk returns a tuple with the CreateUser field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCreateUser

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) SetCreateUser(v ModelInvoiceResponseCreateUser)`

SetCreateUser sets CreateUser field to given value.

### HasCreateUser

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) HasCreateUser() bool`

HasCreateUser returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetDeliveryDate

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetDeliveryDate() time.Time`

GetDeliveryDate returns the DeliveryDate field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDeliveryDateOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetDeliveryDateOk() (*time.Time, bool)`

GetDeliveryDateOk returns a tuple with the DeliveryDate field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDeliveryDate

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) SetDeliveryDate(v time.Time)`

SetDeliveryDate sets DeliveryDate field to given value.

### HasDeliveryDate

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) HasDeliveryDate() bool`

HasDeliveryDate returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetStatus

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetStatus() string`

GetStatus returns the Status field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetStatusOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetStatusOk() (*string, bool)`

GetStatusOk returns a tuple with the Status field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetStatus

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) SetStatus(v string)`

SetStatus sets Status field to given value.

### HasStatus

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) HasStatus() bool`

HasStatus returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSmallSettlement

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetSmallSettlement() bool`

GetSmallSettlement returns the SmallSettlement field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSmallSettlementOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetSmallSettlementOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetSmallSettlementOk returns a tuple with the SmallSettlement field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSmallSettlement

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) SetSmallSettlement(v bool)`

SetSmallSettlement sets SmallSettlement field to given value.

### HasSmallSettlement

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) HasSmallSettlement() bool`

HasSmallSettlement returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetContactPerson

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetContactPerson() ModelInvoiceResponseContactPerson`

GetContactPerson returns the ContactPerson field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetContactPersonOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetContactPersonOk() (*ModelInvoiceResponseContactPerson, bool)`

GetContactPersonOk returns a tuple with the ContactPerson field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetContactPerson

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) SetContactPerson(v ModelInvoiceResponseContactPerson)`

SetContactPerson sets ContactPerson field to given value.

### HasContactPerson

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) HasContactPerson() bool`

HasContactPerson returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetTaxRate

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetTaxRate() string`

GetTaxRate returns the TaxRate field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTaxRateOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetTaxRateOk() (*string, bool)`

GetTaxRateOk returns a tuple with the TaxRate field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTaxRate

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) SetTaxRate(v string)`

SetTaxRate sets TaxRate field to given value.

### HasTaxRate

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) HasTaxRate() bool`

HasTaxRate returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetTaxText

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetTaxText() string`

GetTaxText returns the TaxText field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTaxTextOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetTaxTextOk() (*string, bool)`

GetTaxTextOk returns a tuple with the TaxText field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTaxText

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) SetTaxText(v string)`

SetTaxText sets TaxText field to given value.

### HasTaxText

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) HasTaxText() bool`

HasTaxText returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetDunningLevel

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetDunningLevel() string`

GetDunningLevel returns the DunningLevel field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDunningLevelOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetDunningLevelOk() (*string, bool)`

GetDunningLevelOk returns a tuple with the DunningLevel field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDunningLevel

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) SetDunningLevel(v string)`

SetDunningLevel sets DunningLevel field to given value.

### HasDunningLevel

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) HasDunningLevel() bool`

HasDunningLevel returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetTaxType

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetTaxType() string`

GetTaxType returns the TaxType field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTaxTypeOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetTaxTypeOk() (*string, bool)`

GetTaxTypeOk returns a tuple with the TaxType field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTaxType

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) SetTaxType(v string)`

SetTaxType sets TaxType field to given value.

### HasTaxType

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) HasTaxType() bool`

HasTaxType returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetPaymentMethod

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetPaymentMethod() ModelInvoiceResponsePaymentMethod`

GetPaymentMethod returns the PaymentMethod field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPaymentMethodOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetPaymentMethodOk() (*ModelInvoiceResponsePaymentMethod, bool)`

GetPaymentMethodOk returns a tuple with the PaymentMethod field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPaymentMethod

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) SetPaymentMethod(v ModelInvoiceResponsePaymentMethod)`

SetPaymentMethod sets PaymentMethod field to given value.

### HasPaymentMethod

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) HasPaymentMethod() bool`

HasPaymentMethod returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCostCentre

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetCostCentre() ModelInvoiceResponseCostCentre`

GetCostCentre returns the CostCentre field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCostCentreOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetCostCentreOk() (*ModelInvoiceResponseCostCentre, bool)`

GetCostCentreOk returns a tuple with the CostCentre field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCostCentre

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) SetCostCentre(v ModelInvoiceResponseCostCentre)`

SetCostCentre sets CostCentre field to given value.

### HasCostCentre

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) HasCostCentre() bool`

HasCostCentre returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSendDate

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetSendDate() time.Time`

GetSendDate returns the SendDate field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSendDateOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetSendDateOk() (*time.Time, bool)`

GetSendDateOk returns a tuple with the SendDate field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSendDate

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) SetSendDate(v time.Time)`

SetSendDate sets SendDate field to given value.

### HasSendDate

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) HasSendDate() bool`

HasSendDate returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetOrigin

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetOrigin() ModelInvoiceResponseOrigin`

GetOrigin returns the Origin field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetOriginOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetOriginOk() (*ModelInvoiceResponseOrigin, bool)`

GetOriginOk returns a tuple with the Origin field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetOrigin

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) SetOrigin(v ModelInvoiceResponseOrigin)`

SetOrigin sets Origin field to given value.

### HasOrigin

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) HasOrigin() bool`

HasOrigin returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetInvoiceType

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetInvoiceType() string`

GetInvoiceType returns the InvoiceType field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetInvoiceTypeOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetInvoiceTypeOk() (*string, bool)`

GetInvoiceTypeOk returns a tuple with the InvoiceType field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetInvoiceType

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) SetInvoiceType(v string)`

SetInvoiceType sets InvoiceType field to given value.

### HasInvoiceType

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) HasInvoiceType() bool`

HasInvoiceType returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAccountIntervall

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetAccountIntervall() string`

GetAccountIntervall returns the AccountIntervall field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAccountIntervallOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetAccountIntervallOk() (*string, bool)`

GetAccountIntervallOk returns a tuple with the AccountIntervall field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAccountIntervall

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) SetAccountIntervall(v string)`

SetAccountIntervall sets AccountIntervall field to given value.

### HasAccountIntervall

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) HasAccountIntervall() bool`

HasAccountIntervall returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAccountNextInvoice

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetAccountNextInvoice() string`

GetAccountNextInvoice returns the AccountNextInvoice field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAccountNextInvoiceOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetAccountNextInvoiceOk() (*string, bool)`

GetAccountNextInvoiceOk returns a tuple with the AccountNextInvoice field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAccountNextInvoice

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) SetAccountNextInvoice(v string)`

SetAccountNextInvoice sets AccountNextInvoice field to given value.

### HasAccountNextInvoice

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) HasAccountNextInvoice() bool`

HasAccountNextInvoice returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetReminderTotal

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetReminderTotal() string`

GetReminderTotal returns the ReminderTotal field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetReminderTotalOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetReminderTotalOk() (*string, bool)`

GetReminderTotalOk returns a tuple with the ReminderTotal field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetReminderTotal

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) SetReminderTotal(v string)`

SetReminderTotal sets ReminderTotal field to given value.

### HasReminderTotal

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) HasReminderTotal() bool`

HasReminderTotal returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetReminderDebit

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetReminderDebit() string`

GetReminderDebit returns the ReminderDebit field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetReminderDebitOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetReminderDebitOk() (*string, bool)`

GetReminderDebitOk returns a tuple with the ReminderDebit field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetReminderDebit

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) SetReminderDebit(v string)`

SetReminderDebit sets ReminderDebit field to given value.

### HasReminderDebit

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) HasReminderDebit() bool`

HasReminderDebit returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetReminderDeadline

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetReminderDeadline() time.Time`

GetReminderDeadline returns the ReminderDeadline field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetReminderDeadlineOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetReminderDeadlineOk() (*time.Time, bool)`

GetReminderDeadlineOk returns a tuple with the ReminderDeadline field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetReminderDeadline

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) SetReminderDeadline(v time.Time)`

SetReminderDeadline sets ReminderDeadline field to given value.

### HasReminderDeadline

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) HasReminderDeadline() bool`

HasReminderDeadline returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetReminderCharge

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetReminderCharge() string`

GetReminderCharge returns the ReminderCharge field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetReminderChargeOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetReminderChargeOk() (*string, bool)`

GetReminderChargeOk returns a tuple with the ReminderCharge field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetReminderCharge

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) SetReminderCharge(v string)`

SetReminderCharge sets ReminderCharge field to given value.

### HasReminderCharge

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) HasReminderCharge() bool`

HasReminderCharge returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetTaxSet

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetTaxSet() ModelInvoiceResponseTaxSet`

GetTaxSet returns the TaxSet field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTaxSetOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetTaxSetOk() (*ModelInvoiceResponseTaxSet, bool)`

GetTaxSetOk returns a tuple with the TaxSet field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTaxSet

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) SetTaxSet(v ModelInvoiceResponseTaxSet)`

SetTaxSet sets TaxSet field to given value.

### HasTaxSet

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) HasTaxSet() bool`

HasTaxSet returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAddress

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetAddress() string`

GetAddress returns the Address field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAddressOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetAddressOk() (*string, bool)`

GetAddressOk returns a tuple with the Address field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAddress

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) SetAddress(v string)`

SetAddress sets Address field to given value.

### HasAddress

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) HasAddress() bool`

HasAddress returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCurrency

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetCurrency() string`

GetCurrency returns the Currency field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCurrencyOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetCurrencyOk() (*string, bool)`

GetCurrencyOk returns a tuple with the Currency field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCurrency

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) SetCurrency(v string)`

SetCurrency sets Currency field to given value.

### HasCurrency

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) HasCurrency() bool`

HasCurrency returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSumNet

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetSumNet() string`

GetSumNet returns the SumNet field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSumNetOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetSumNetOk() (*string, bool)`

GetSumNetOk returns a tuple with the SumNet field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSumNet

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) SetSumNet(v string)`

SetSumNet sets SumNet field to given value.

### HasSumNet

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) HasSumNet() bool`

HasSumNet returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSumTax

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetSumTax() string`

GetSumTax returns the SumTax field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSumTaxOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetSumTaxOk() (*string, bool)`

GetSumTaxOk returns a tuple with the SumTax field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSumTax

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) SetSumTax(v string)`

SetSumTax sets SumTax field to given value.

### HasSumTax

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) HasSumTax() bool`

HasSumTax returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSumGross

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetSumGross() string`

GetSumGross returns the SumGross field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSumGrossOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetSumGrossOk() (*string, bool)`

GetSumGrossOk returns a tuple with the SumGross field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSumGross

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) SetSumGross(v string)`

SetSumGross sets SumGross field to given value.

### HasSumGross

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) HasSumGross() bool`

HasSumGross returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSumDiscounts

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetSumDiscounts() string`

GetSumDiscounts returns the SumDiscounts field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSumDiscountsOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetSumDiscountsOk() (*string, bool)`

GetSumDiscountsOk returns a tuple with the SumDiscounts field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSumDiscounts

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) SetSumDiscounts(v string)`

SetSumDiscounts sets SumDiscounts field to given value.

### HasSumDiscounts

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) HasSumDiscounts() bool`

HasSumDiscounts returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSumNetForeignCurrency

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetSumNetForeignCurrency() string`

GetSumNetForeignCurrency returns the SumNetForeignCurrency field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSumNetForeignCurrencyOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetSumNetForeignCurrencyOk() (*string, bool)`

GetSumNetForeignCurrencyOk returns a tuple with the SumNetForeignCurrency field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSumNetForeignCurrency

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) SetSumNetForeignCurrency(v string)`

SetSumNetForeignCurrency sets SumNetForeignCurrency field to given value.

### HasSumNetForeignCurrency

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) HasSumNetForeignCurrency() bool`

HasSumNetForeignCurrency returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSumTaxForeignCurrency

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetSumTaxForeignCurrency() string`

GetSumTaxForeignCurrency returns the SumTaxForeignCurrency field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSumTaxForeignCurrencyOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetSumTaxForeignCurrencyOk() (*string, bool)`

GetSumTaxForeignCurrencyOk returns a tuple with the SumTaxForeignCurrency field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSumTaxForeignCurrency

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) SetSumTaxForeignCurrency(v string)`

SetSumTaxForeignCurrency sets SumTaxForeignCurrency field to given value.

### HasSumTaxForeignCurrency

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) HasSumTaxForeignCurrency() bool`

HasSumTaxForeignCurrency returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSumGrossForeignCurrency

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetSumGrossForeignCurrency() string`

GetSumGrossForeignCurrency returns the SumGrossForeignCurrency field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSumGrossForeignCurrencyOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetSumGrossForeignCurrencyOk() (*string, bool)`

GetSumGrossForeignCurrencyOk returns a tuple with the SumGrossForeignCurrency field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSumGrossForeignCurrency

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) SetSumGrossForeignCurrency(v string)`

SetSumGrossForeignCurrency sets SumGrossForeignCurrency field to given value.

### HasSumGrossForeignCurrency

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) HasSumGrossForeignCurrency() bool`

HasSumGrossForeignCurrency returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSumDiscountsForeignCurrency

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetSumDiscountsForeignCurrency() string`

GetSumDiscountsForeignCurrency returns the SumDiscountsForeignCurrency field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSumDiscountsForeignCurrencyOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetSumDiscountsForeignCurrencyOk() (*string, bool)`

GetSumDiscountsForeignCurrencyOk returns a tuple with the SumDiscountsForeignCurrency field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSumDiscountsForeignCurrency

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) SetSumDiscountsForeignCurrency(v string)`

SetSumDiscountsForeignCurrency sets SumDiscountsForeignCurrency field to given value.

### HasSumDiscountsForeignCurrency

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) HasSumDiscountsForeignCurrency() bool`

HasSumDiscountsForeignCurrency returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSumNetAccounting

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetSumNetAccounting() string`

GetSumNetAccounting returns the SumNetAccounting field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSumNetAccountingOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetSumNetAccountingOk() (*string, bool)`

GetSumNetAccountingOk returns a tuple with the SumNetAccounting field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSumNetAccounting

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) SetSumNetAccounting(v string)`

SetSumNetAccounting sets SumNetAccounting field to given value.

### HasSumNetAccounting

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) HasSumNetAccounting() bool`

HasSumNetAccounting returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSumTaxAccounting

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetSumTaxAccounting() string`

GetSumTaxAccounting returns the SumTaxAccounting field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSumTaxAccountingOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetSumTaxAccountingOk() (*string, bool)`

GetSumTaxAccountingOk returns a tuple with the SumTaxAccounting field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSumTaxAccounting

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) SetSumTaxAccounting(v string)`

SetSumTaxAccounting sets SumTaxAccounting field to given value.

### HasSumTaxAccounting

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) HasSumTaxAccounting() bool`

HasSumTaxAccounting returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSumGrossAccounting

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetSumGrossAccounting() string`

GetSumGrossAccounting returns the SumGrossAccounting field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSumGrossAccountingOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetSumGrossAccountingOk() (*string, bool)`

GetSumGrossAccountingOk returns a tuple with the SumGrossAccounting field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSumGrossAccounting

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) SetSumGrossAccounting(v string)`

SetSumGrossAccounting sets SumGrossAccounting field to given value.

### HasSumGrossAccounting

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) HasSumGrossAccounting() bool`

HasSumGrossAccounting returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetPaidAmount

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetPaidAmount() float32`

GetPaidAmount returns the PaidAmount field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPaidAmountOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetPaidAmountOk() (*float32, bool)`

GetPaidAmountOk returns a tuple with the PaidAmount field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPaidAmount

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) SetPaidAmount(v float32)`

SetPaidAmount sets PaidAmount field to given value.

### HasPaidAmount

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) HasPaidAmount() bool`

HasPaidAmount returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCustomerInternalNote

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetCustomerInternalNote() string`

GetCustomerInternalNote returns the CustomerInternalNote field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCustomerInternalNoteOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetCustomerInternalNoteOk() (*string, bool)`

GetCustomerInternalNoteOk returns a tuple with the CustomerInternalNote field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCustomerInternalNote

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) SetCustomerInternalNote(v string)`

SetCustomerInternalNote sets CustomerInternalNote field to given value.

### HasCustomerInternalNote

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) HasCustomerInternalNote() bool`

HasCustomerInternalNote returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetShowNet

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetShowNet() bool`

GetShowNet returns the ShowNet field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetShowNetOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetShowNetOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetShowNetOk returns a tuple with the ShowNet field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetShowNet

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) SetShowNet(v bool)`

SetShowNet sets ShowNet field to given value.

### HasShowNet

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) HasShowNet() bool`

HasShowNet returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetEnshrined

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetEnshrined() time.Time`

GetEnshrined returns the Enshrined field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetEnshrinedOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetEnshrinedOk() (*time.Time, bool)`

GetEnshrinedOk returns a tuple with the Enshrined field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetEnshrined

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) SetEnshrined(v time.Time)`

SetEnshrined sets Enshrined field to given value.

### HasEnshrined

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) HasEnshrined() bool`

HasEnshrined returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSendType

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetSendType() string`

GetSendType returns the SendType field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSendTypeOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetSendTypeOk() (*string, bool)`

GetSendTypeOk returns a tuple with the SendType field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSendType

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) SetSendType(v string)`

SetSendType sets SendType field to given value.

### HasSendType

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) HasSendType() bool`

HasSendType returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetDeliveryDateUntil

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetDeliveryDateUntil() string`

GetDeliveryDateUntil returns the DeliveryDateUntil field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDeliveryDateUntilOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetDeliveryDateUntilOk() (*string, bool)`

GetDeliveryDateUntilOk returns a tuple with the DeliveryDateUntil field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDeliveryDateUntil

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) SetDeliveryDateUntil(v string)`

SetDeliveryDateUntil sets DeliveryDateUntil field to given value.

### HasDeliveryDateUntil

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) HasDeliveryDateUntil() bool`

HasDeliveryDateUntil returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetDatevConnectOnline

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetDatevConnectOnline() map[string]interface{}`

GetDatevConnectOnline returns the DatevConnectOnline field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDatevConnectOnlineOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetDatevConnectOnlineOk() (*map[string]interface{}, bool)`

GetDatevConnectOnlineOk returns a tuple with the DatevConnectOnline field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDatevConnectOnline

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) SetDatevConnectOnline(v map[string]interface{})`

SetDatevConnectOnline sets DatevConnectOnline field to given value.

### HasDatevConnectOnline

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) HasDatevConnectOnline() bool`

HasDatevConnectOnline returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSendPaymentReceivedNotificationDate

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetSendPaymentReceivedNotificationDate() string`

GetSendPaymentReceivedNotificationDate returns the SendPaymentReceivedNotificationDate field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSendPaymentReceivedNotificationDateOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) GetSendPaymentReceivedNotificationDateOk() (*string, bool)`

GetSendPaymentReceivedNotificationDateOk returns a tuple with the SendPaymentReceivedNotificationDate field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSendPaymentReceivedNotificationDate

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) SetSendPaymentReceivedNotificationDate(v string)`

SetSendPaymentReceivedNotificationDate sets SendPaymentReceivedNotificationDate field to given value.

### HasSendPaymentReceivedNotificationDate

`func (o *ModelInvoiceResponse) HasSendPaymentReceivedNotificationDate() bool`

HasSendPaymentReceivedNotificationDate returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


