# ModelInvoiceUpdate

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Id** | Pointer to **int32** | The invoice id | [optional] [readonly] 
**ObjectName** | Pointer to **string** | The invoice object name | [optional] [readonly] 
**InvoiceNumber** | Pointer to **NullableString** | The invoice number | [optional] 
**Contact** | Pointer to [**NullableModelInvoiceUpdateContact**](ModelInvoiceUpdateContact.md) |  | [optional] 
**Create** | Pointer to **time.Time** | Date of invoice creation | [optional] [readonly] 
**Update** | Pointer to **time.Time** | Date of last invoice update | [optional] [readonly] 
**SevClient** | Pointer to [**ModelInvoiceUpdateSevClient**](ModelInvoiceUpdateSevClient.md) |  | [optional] 
**InvoiceDate** | Pointer to **NullableString** | Needs to be provided as timestamp or dd.mm.yyyy | [optional] 
**Header** | Pointer to **NullableString** | Normally consist of prefix plus the invoice number | [optional] 
**HeadText** | Pointer to **NullableString** | Certain html tags can be used here to format your text | [optional] 
**FootText** | Pointer to **NullableString** | Certain html tags can be used here to format your text | [optional] 
**TimeToPay** | Pointer to **NullableInt32** | The time the customer has to pay the invoice in days | [optional] 
**DiscountTime** | Pointer to **NullableInt32** | If a value other than zero is used for the discount attribute,      you need to specify the amount of days for which the discount is granted. | [optional] 
**Discount** | Pointer to **NullableInt32** | If you want to give a discount, define the percentage here. Otherwise provide zero as value | [optional] 
**AddressCountry** | Pointer to [**NullableModelCreditNoteAddressCountry**](ModelCreditNoteAddressCountry.md) |  | [optional] 
**PayDate** | Pointer to **NullableTime** | Needs to be timestamp or dd.mm.yyyy | [optional] 
**CreateUser** | Pointer to [**ModelCreditNoteCreateUser**](ModelCreditNoteCreateUser.md) |  | [optional] 
**DeliveryDate** | Pointer to **NullableTime** | Timestamp. This can also be a date range if you also use the attribute deliveryDateUntil | [optional] 
**Status** | Pointer to **NullableString** | Please have a look in our       &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://api.sevdesk.de/#section/Types-and-status-of-invoices&#39;&gt;Types and status of invoice&lt;/a&gt;       to see what the different status codes mean | [optional] 
**SmallSettlement** | Pointer to **NullableBool** | Defines if the client uses the small settlement scheme.      If yes, the invoice must not contain any vat | [optional] 
**ContactPerson** | Pointer to [**ModelInvoiceUpdateContactPerson**](ModelInvoiceUpdateContactPerson.md) |  | [optional] 
**TaxRate** | Pointer to **NullableFloat32** | Is overwritten by invoice position tax rates | [optional] 
**TaxText** | Pointer to **NullableString** | A common tax text would be &#39;Umsatzsteuer 19%&#39; | [optional] 
**DunningLevel** | Pointer to **NullableInt32** | Defines how many reminders have already been sent for the invoice.      Starts with 1 (Payment reminder) and should be incremented by one every time another reminder is sent. | [optional] 
**TaxType** | Pointer to **NullableString** | Tax type of the invoice. There are four tax types: 1. default - Umsatzsteuer ausweisen 2. eu - Steuerfreie innergemeinschaftliche Lieferung (Europäische Union) 3. noteu - Steuerschuldnerschaft des Leistungsempfängers (außerhalb EU, z. B. Schweiz) 4. custom - Using custom tax set 5. ss - Kleinunternehmer Tax rates are heavily connected to the tax type used. | [optional] 
**PaymentMethod** | Pointer to [**ModelInvoiceUpdatePaymentMethod**](ModelInvoiceUpdatePaymentMethod.md) |  | [optional] 
**CostCentre** | Pointer to [**ModelInvoiceUpdateCostCentre**](ModelInvoiceUpdateCostCentre.md) |  | [optional] 
**SendDate** | Pointer to **NullableTime** | The date the invoice was sent to the customer | [optional] 
**Origin** | Pointer to [**NullableModelInvoiceUpdateOrigin**](ModelInvoiceUpdateOrigin.md) |  | [optional] 
**InvoiceType** | Pointer to **NullableString** | Type of the invoice. For more information on the different types, check       &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://api.sevdesk.de/#section/Types-and-status-of-invoices&#39;&gt;this&lt;/a&gt; section   | [optional] 
**AccountIntervall** | Pointer to **NullableString** | The interval in which recurring invoices are due as ISO-8601 duration.&lt;br&gt;       Necessary attribute for all recurring invoices. | [optional] 
**AccountNextInvoice** | Pointer to **NullableInt32** | Timestamp when the next invoice will be generated by this recurring invoice. | [optional] 
**ReminderTotal** | Pointer to **NullableFloat32** | Total reminder amount | [optional] 
**ReminderDebit** | Pointer to **NullableFloat32** | Debit of the reminder | [optional] 
**ReminderDeadline** | Pointer to **NullableInt32** | Deadline of the reminder as timestamp | [optional] 
**ReminderCharge** | Pointer to **NullableFloat32** | The additional reminder charge | [optional] 
**TaxSet** | Pointer to [**NullableModelInvoiceUpdateTaxSet**](ModelInvoiceUpdateTaxSet.md) |  | [optional] 
**Address** | Pointer to **NullableString** | Complete address of the recipient including name, street, city, zip and country.       * Line breaks can be used and will be displayed on the invoice pdf. | [optional] 
**Currency** | Pointer to **NullableString** | Currency used in the invoice. Needs to be currency code according to ISO-4217 | [optional] 
**SumNet** | Pointer to **NullableFloat32** | Net sum of the invoice | [optional] [readonly] 
**SumTax** | Pointer to **NullableFloat32** | Tax sum of the invoice | [optional] [readonly] 
**SumGross** | Pointer to **NullableFloat32** | Gross sum of the invoice | [optional] [readonly] 
**SumDiscounts** | Pointer to **NullableFloat32** | Sum of all discounts in the invoice | [optional] [readonly] 
**SumNetForeignCurrency** | Pointer to **NullableFloat32** | Net sum of the invoice in the foreign currency | [optional] [readonly] 
**SumTaxForeignCurrency** | Pointer to **NullableFloat32** | Tax sum of the invoice in the foreign currency | [optional] [readonly] 
**SumGrossForeignCurrency** | Pointer to **NullableFloat32** | Gross sum of the invoice in the foreign currency | [optional] [readonly] 
**SumDiscountsForeignCurrency** | Pointer to **NullableFloat32** | Discounts sum of the invoice in the foreign currency | [optional] [readonly] 
**SumNetAccounting** | Pointer to **NullableFloat32** | Net accounting sum of the invoice. Is usually the same as sumNet | [optional] [readonly] 
**SumTaxAccounting** | Pointer to **NullableFloat32** | Tax accounting sum of the invoice. Is usually the same as sumTax | [optional] [readonly] 
**SumGrossAccounting** | Pointer to **NullableFloat32** | Gross accounting sum of the invoice. Is usually the same as sumGross | [optional] [readonly] 
**PaidAmount** | Pointer to **NullableFloat32** | Amount which has already been paid for this invoice by the customer | [optional] [readonly] 
**CustomerInternalNote** | Pointer to **NullableString** | Internal note of the customer. Contains data entered into field &#39;Referenz/Bestellnummer&#39; | [optional] 
**ShowNet** | Pointer to **NullableBool** | If true, the net amount of each position will be shown on the invoice. Otherwise gross amount | [optional] 
**Enshrined** | Pointer to **NullableTime** | Defines if and when invoice was enshrined. Enshrined invoices can not be manipulated. | [optional] 
**SendType** | Pointer to **NullableString** | Type which was used to send the invoice. IMPORTANT: Please refer to the invoice section of the       *     API-Overview to understand how this attribute can be used before using it! | [optional] 
**DeliveryDateUntil** | Pointer to **NullableInt32** | If the delivery date should be a time range, another timestamp can be provided in this attribute       * to define a range from timestamp used in deliveryDate attribute to the timestamp used here. | [optional] 
**DatevConnectOnline** | Pointer to **map[string]interface{}** | Internal attribute | [optional] 
**SendPaymentReceivedNotificationDate** | Pointer to **NullableInt32** | Internal attribute | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewModelInvoiceUpdate

`func NewModelInvoiceUpdate() *ModelInvoiceUpdate`

NewModelInvoiceUpdate instantiates a new ModelInvoiceUpdate object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewModelInvoiceUpdateWithDefaults

`func NewModelInvoiceUpdateWithDefaults() *ModelInvoiceUpdate`

NewModelInvoiceUpdateWithDefaults instantiates a new ModelInvoiceUpdate object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetId

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetId() int32`

GetId returns the Id field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIdOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetIdOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetIdOk returns a tuple with the Id field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetId

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetId(v int32)`

SetId sets Id field to given value.

### HasId

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) HasId() bool`

HasId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetObjectName

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetObjectName() string`

GetObjectName returns the ObjectName field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetObjectNameOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetObjectNameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetObjectNameOk returns a tuple with the ObjectName field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetObjectName

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetObjectName(v string)`

SetObjectName sets ObjectName field to given value.

### HasObjectName

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) HasObjectName() bool`

HasObjectName returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetInvoiceNumber

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetInvoiceNumber() string`

GetInvoiceNumber returns the InvoiceNumber field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetInvoiceNumberOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetInvoiceNumberOk() (*string, bool)`

GetInvoiceNumberOk returns a tuple with the InvoiceNumber field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetInvoiceNumber

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetInvoiceNumber(v string)`

SetInvoiceNumber sets InvoiceNumber field to given value.

### HasInvoiceNumber

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) HasInvoiceNumber() bool`

HasInvoiceNumber returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetInvoiceNumberNil

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetInvoiceNumberNil(b bool)`

 SetInvoiceNumberNil sets the value for InvoiceNumber to be an explicit nil

### UnsetInvoiceNumber
`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) UnsetInvoiceNumber()`

UnsetInvoiceNumber ensures that no value is present for InvoiceNumber, not even an explicit nil
### GetContact

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetContact() ModelInvoiceUpdateContact`

GetContact returns the Contact field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetContactOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetContactOk() (*ModelInvoiceUpdateContact, bool)`

GetContactOk returns a tuple with the Contact field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetContact

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetContact(v ModelInvoiceUpdateContact)`

SetContact sets Contact field to given value.

### HasContact

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) HasContact() bool`

HasContact returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetContactNil

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetContactNil(b bool)`

 SetContactNil sets the value for Contact to be an explicit nil

### UnsetContact
`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) UnsetContact()`

UnsetContact ensures that no value is present for Contact, not even an explicit nil
### GetCreate

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetCreate() time.Time`

GetCreate returns the Create field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCreateOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetCreateOk() (*time.Time, bool)`

GetCreateOk returns a tuple with the Create field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCreate

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetCreate(v time.Time)`

SetCreate sets Create field to given value.

### HasCreate

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) HasCreate() bool`

HasCreate returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetUpdate

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetUpdate() time.Time`

GetUpdate returns the Update field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUpdateOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetUpdateOk() (*time.Time, bool)`

GetUpdateOk returns a tuple with the Update field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUpdate

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetUpdate(v time.Time)`

SetUpdate sets Update field to given value.

### HasUpdate

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) HasUpdate() bool`

HasUpdate returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSevClient

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetSevClient() ModelInvoiceUpdateSevClient`

GetSevClient returns the SevClient field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSevClientOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetSevClientOk() (*ModelInvoiceUpdateSevClient, bool)`

GetSevClientOk returns a tuple with the SevClient field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSevClient

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetSevClient(v ModelInvoiceUpdateSevClient)`

SetSevClient sets SevClient field to given value.

### HasSevClient

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) HasSevClient() bool`

HasSevClient returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetInvoiceDate

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetInvoiceDate() string`

GetInvoiceDate returns the InvoiceDate field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetInvoiceDateOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetInvoiceDateOk() (*string, bool)`

GetInvoiceDateOk returns a tuple with the InvoiceDate field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetInvoiceDate

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetInvoiceDate(v string)`

SetInvoiceDate sets InvoiceDate field to given value.

### HasInvoiceDate

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) HasInvoiceDate() bool`

HasInvoiceDate returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetInvoiceDateNil

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetInvoiceDateNil(b bool)`

 SetInvoiceDateNil sets the value for InvoiceDate to be an explicit nil

### UnsetInvoiceDate
`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) UnsetInvoiceDate()`

UnsetInvoiceDate ensures that no value is present for InvoiceDate, not even an explicit nil
### GetHeader

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetHeader() string`

GetHeader returns the Header field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetHeaderOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetHeaderOk() (*string, bool)`

GetHeaderOk returns a tuple with the Header field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetHeader

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetHeader(v string)`

SetHeader sets Header field to given value.

### HasHeader

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) HasHeader() bool`

HasHeader returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetHeaderNil

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetHeaderNil(b bool)`

 SetHeaderNil sets the value for Header to be an explicit nil

### UnsetHeader
`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) UnsetHeader()`

UnsetHeader ensures that no value is present for Header, not even an explicit nil
### GetHeadText

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetHeadText() string`

GetHeadText returns the HeadText field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetHeadTextOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetHeadTextOk() (*string, bool)`

GetHeadTextOk returns a tuple with the HeadText field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetHeadText

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetHeadText(v string)`

SetHeadText sets HeadText field to given value.

### HasHeadText

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) HasHeadText() bool`

HasHeadText returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetHeadTextNil

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetHeadTextNil(b bool)`

 SetHeadTextNil sets the value for HeadText to be an explicit nil

### UnsetHeadText
`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) UnsetHeadText()`

UnsetHeadText ensures that no value is present for HeadText, not even an explicit nil
### GetFootText

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetFootText() string`

GetFootText returns the FootText field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetFootTextOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetFootTextOk() (*string, bool)`

GetFootTextOk returns a tuple with the FootText field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetFootText

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetFootText(v string)`

SetFootText sets FootText field to given value.

### HasFootText

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) HasFootText() bool`

HasFootText returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetFootTextNil

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetFootTextNil(b bool)`

 SetFootTextNil sets the value for FootText to be an explicit nil

### UnsetFootText
`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) UnsetFootText()`

UnsetFootText ensures that no value is present for FootText, not even an explicit nil
### GetTimeToPay

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetTimeToPay() int32`

GetTimeToPay returns the TimeToPay field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTimeToPayOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetTimeToPayOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetTimeToPayOk returns a tuple with the TimeToPay field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTimeToPay

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetTimeToPay(v int32)`

SetTimeToPay sets TimeToPay field to given value.

### HasTimeToPay

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) HasTimeToPay() bool`

HasTimeToPay returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetTimeToPayNil

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetTimeToPayNil(b bool)`

 SetTimeToPayNil sets the value for TimeToPay to be an explicit nil

### UnsetTimeToPay
`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) UnsetTimeToPay()`

UnsetTimeToPay ensures that no value is present for TimeToPay, not even an explicit nil
### GetDiscountTime

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetDiscountTime() int32`

GetDiscountTime returns the DiscountTime field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDiscountTimeOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetDiscountTimeOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetDiscountTimeOk returns a tuple with the DiscountTime field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDiscountTime

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetDiscountTime(v int32)`

SetDiscountTime sets DiscountTime field to given value.

### HasDiscountTime

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) HasDiscountTime() bool`

HasDiscountTime returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetDiscountTimeNil

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetDiscountTimeNil(b bool)`

 SetDiscountTimeNil sets the value for DiscountTime to be an explicit nil

### UnsetDiscountTime
`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) UnsetDiscountTime()`

UnsetDiscountTime ensures that no value is present for DiscountTime, not even an explicit nil
### GetDiscount

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetDiscount() int32`

GetDiscount returns the Discount field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDiscountOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetDiscountOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetDiscountOk returns a tuple with the Discount field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDiscount

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetDiscount(v int32)`

SetDiscount sets Discount field to given value.

### HasDiscount

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) HasDiscount() bool`

HasDiscount returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetDiscountNil

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetDiscountNil(b bool)`

 SetDiscountNil sets the value for Discount to be an explicit nil

### UnsetDiscount
`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) UnsetDiscount()`

UnsetDiscount ensures that no value is present for Discount, not even an explicit nil
### GetAddressCountry

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetAddressCountry() ModelCreditNoteAddressCountry`

GetAddressCountry returns the AddressCountry field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAddressCountryOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetAddressCountryOk() (*ModelCreditNoteAddressCountry, bool)`

GetAddressCountryOk returns a tuple with the AddressCountry field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAddressCountry

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetAddressCountry(v ModelCreditNoteAddressCountry)`

SetAddressCountry sets AddressCountry field to given value.

### HasAddressCountry

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) HasAddressCountry() bool`

HasAddressCountry returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetAddressCountryNil

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetAddressCountryNil(b bool)`

 SetAddressCountryNil sets the value for AddressCountry to be an explicit nil

### UnsetAddressCountry
`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) UnsetAddressCountry()`

UnsetAddressCountry ensures that no value is present for AddressCountry, not even an explicit nil
### GetPayDate

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetPayDate() time.Time`

GetPayDate returns the PayDate field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPayDateOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetPayDateOk() (*time.Time, bool)`

GetPayDateOk returns a tuple with the PayDate field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPayDate

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetPayDate(v time.Time)`

SetPayDate sets PayDate field to given value.

### HasPayDate

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) HasPayDate() bool`

HasPayDate returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetPayDateNil

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetPayDateNil(b bool)`

 SetPayDateNil sets the value for PayDate to be an explicit nil

### UnsetPayDate
`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) UnsetPayDate()`

UnsetPayDate ensures that no value is present for PayDate, not even an explicit nil
### GetCreateUser

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetCreateUser() ModelCreditNoteCreateUser`

GetCreateUser returns the CreateUser field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCreateUserOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetCreateUserOk() (*ModelCreditNoteCreateUser, bool)`

GetCreateUserOk returns a tuple with the CreateUser field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCreateUser

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetCreateUser(v ModelCreditNoteCreateUser)`

SetCreateUser sets CreateUser field to given value.

### HasCreateUser

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) HasCreateUser() bool`

HasCreateUser returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetDeliveryDate

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetDeliveryDate() time.Time`

GetDeliveryDate returns the DeliveryDate field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDeliveryDateOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetDeliveryDateOk() (*time.Time, bool)`

GetDeliveryDateOk returns a tuple with the DeliveryDate field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDeliveryDate

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetDeliveryDate(v time.Time)`

SetDeliveryDate sets DeliveryDate field to given value.

### HasDeliveryDate

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) HasDeliveryDate() bool`

HasDeliveryDate returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetDeliveryDateNil

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetDeliveryDateNil(b bool)`

 SetDeliveryDateNil sets the value for DeliveryDate to be an explicit nil

### UnsetDeliveryDate
`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) UnsetDeliveryDate()`

UnsetDeliveryDate ensures that no value is present for DeliveryDate, not even an explicit nil
### GetStatus

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetStatus() string`

GetStatus returns the Status field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetStatusOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetStatusOk() (*string, bool)`

GetStatusOk returns a tuple with the Status field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetStatus

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetStatus(v string)`

SetStatus sets Status field to given value.

### HasStatus

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) HasStatus() bool`

HasStatus returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetStatusNil

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetStatusNil(b bool)`

 SetStatusNil sets the value for Status to be an explicit nil

### UnsetStatus
`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) UnsetStatus()`

UnsetStatus ensures that no value is present for Status, not even an explicit nil
### GetSmallSettlement

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetSmallSettlement() bool`

GetSmallSettlement returns the SmallSettlement field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSmallSettlementOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetSmallSettlementOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetSmallSettlementOk returns a tuple with the SmallSettlement field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSmallSettlement

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetSmallSettlement(v bool)`

SetSmallSettlement sets SmallSettlement field to given value.

### HasSmallSettlement

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) HasSmallSettlement() bool`

HasSmallSettlement returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetSmallSettlementNil

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetSmallSettlementNil(b bool)`

 SetSmallSettlementNil sets the value for SmallSettlement to be an explicit nil

### UnsetSmallSettlement
`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) UnsetSmallSettlement()`

UnsetSmallSettlement ensures that no value is present for SmallSettlement, not even an explicit nil
### GetContactPerson

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetContactPerson() ModelInvoiceUpdateContactPerson`

GetContactPerson returns the ContactPerson field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetContactPersonOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetContactPersonOk() (*ModelInvoiceUpdateContactPerson, bool)`

GetContactPersonOk returns a tuple with the ContactPerson field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetContactPerson

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetContactPerson(v ModelInvoiceUpdateContactPerson)`

SetContactPerson sets ContactPerson field to given value.

### HasContactPerson

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) HasContactPerson() bool`

HasContactPerson returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetTaxRate

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetTaxRate() float32`

GetTaxRate returns the TaxRate field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTaxRateOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetTaxRateOk() (*float32, bool)`

GetTaxRateOk returns a tuple with the TaxRate field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTaxRate

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetTaxRate(v float32)`

SetTaxRate sets TaxRate field to given value.

### HasTaxRate

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) HasTaxRate() bool`

HasTaxRate returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetTaxRateNil

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetTaxRateNil(b bool)`

 SetTaxRateNil sets the value for TaxRate to be an explicit nil

### UnsetTaxRate
`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) UnsetTaxRate()`

UnsetTaxRate ensures that no value is present for TaxRate, not even an explicit nil
### GetTaxText

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetTaxText() string`

GetTaxText returns the TaxText field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTaxTextOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetTaxTextOk() (*string, bool)`

GetTaxTextOk returns a tuple with the TaxText field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTaxText

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetTaxText(v string)`

SetTaxText sets TaxText field to given value.

### HasTaxText

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) HasTaxText() bool`

HasTaxText returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetTaxTextNil

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetTaxTextNil(b bool)`

 SetTaxTextNil sets the value for TaxText to be an explicit nil

### UnsetTaxText
`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) UnsetTaxText()`

UnsetTaxText ensures that no value is present for TaxText, not even an explicit nil
### GetDunningLevel

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetDunningLevel() int32`

GetDunningLevel returns the DunningLevel field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDunningLevelOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetDunningLevelOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetDunningLevelOk returns a tuple with the DunningLevel field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDunningLevel

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetDunningLevel(v int32)`

SetDunningLevel sets DunningLevel field to given value.

### HasDunningLevel

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) HasDunningLevel() bool`

HasDunningLevel returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetDunningLevelNil

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetDunningLevelNil(b bool)`

 SetDunningLevelNil sets the value for DunningLevel to be an explicit nil

### UnsetDunningLevel
`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) UnsetDunningLevel()`

UnsetDunningLevel ensures that no value is present for DunningLevel, not even an explicit nil
### GetTaxType

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetTaxType() string`

GetTaxType returns the TaxType field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTaxTypeOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetTaxTypeOk() (*string, bool)`

GetTaxTypeOk returns a tuple with the TaxType field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTaxType

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetTaxType(v string)`

SetTaxType sets TaxType field to given value.

### HasTaxType

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) HasTaxType() bool`

HasTaxType returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetTaxTypeNil

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetTaxTypeNil(b bool)`

 SetTaxTypeNil sets the value for TaxType to be an explicit nil

### UnsetTaxType
`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) UnsetTaxType()`

UnsetTaxType ensures that no value is present for TaxType, not even an explicit nil
### GetPaymentMethod

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetPaymentMethod() ModelInvoiceUpdatePaymentMethod`

GetPaymentMethod returns the PaymentMethod field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPaymentMethodOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetPaymentMethodOk() (*ModelInvoiceUpdatePaymentMethod, bool)`

GetPaymentMethodOk returns a tuple with the PaymentMethod field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPaymentMethod

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetPaymentMethod(v ModelInvoiceUpdatePaymentMethod)`

SetPaymentMethod sets PaymentMethod field to given value.

### HasPaymentMethod

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) HasPaymentMethod() bool`

HasPaymentMethod returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCostCentre

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetCostCentre() ModelInvoiceUpdateCostCentre`

GetCostCentre returns the CostCentre field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCostCentreOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetCostCentreOk() (*ModelInvoiceUpdateCostCentre, bool)`

GetCostCentreOk returns a tuple with the CostCentre field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCostCentre

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetCostCentre(v ModelInvoiceUpdateCostCentre)`

SetCostCentre sets CostCentre field to given value.

### HasCostCentre

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) HasCostCentre() bool`

HasCostCentre returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSendDate

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetSendDate() time.Time`

GetSendDate returns the SendDate field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSendDateOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetSendDateOk() (*time.Time, bool)`

GetSendDateOk returns a tuple with the SendDate field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSendDate

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetSendDate(v time.Time)`

SetSendDate sets SendDate field to given value.

### HasSendDate

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) HasSendDate() bool`

HasSendDate returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetSendDateNil

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetSendDateNil(b bool)`

 SetSendDateNil sets the value for SendDate to be an explicit nil

### UnsetSendDate
`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) UnsetSendDate()`

UnsetSendDate ensures that no value is present for SendDate, not even an explicit nil
### GetOrigin

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetOrigin() ModelInvoiceUpdateOrigin`

GetOrigin returns the Origin field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetOriginOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetOriginOk() (*ModelInvoiceUpdateOrigin, bool)`

GetOriginOk returns a tuple with the Origin field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetOrigin

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetOrigin(v ModelInvoiceUpdateOrigin)`

SetOrigin sets Origin field to given value.

### HasOrigin

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) HasOrigin() bool`

HasOrigin returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetOriginNil

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetOriginNil(b bool)`

 SetOriginNil sets the value for Origin to be an explicit nil

### UnsetOrigin
`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) UnsetOrigin()`

UnsetOrigin ensures that no value is present for Origin, not even an explicit nil
### GetInvoiceType

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetInvoiceType() string`

GetInvoiceType returns the InvoiceType field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetInvoiceTypeOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetInvoiceTypeOk() (*string, bool)`

GetInvoiceTypeOk returns a tuple with the InvoiceType field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetInvoiceType

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetInvoiceType(v string)`

SetInvoiceType sets InvoiceType field to given value.

### HasInvoiceType

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) HasInvoiceType() bool`

HasInvoiceType returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetInvoiceTypeNil

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetInvoiceTypeNil(b bool)`

 SetInvoiceTypeNil sets the value for InvoiceType to be an explicit nil

### UnsetInvoiceType
`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) UnsetInvoiceType()`

UnsetInvoiceType ensures that no value is present for InvoiceType, not even an explicit nil
### GetAccountIntervall

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetAccountIntervall() string`

GetAccountIntervall returns the AccountIntervall field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAccountIntervallOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetAccountIntervallOk() (*string, bool)`

GetAccountIntervallOk returns a tuple with the AccountIntervall field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAccountIntervall

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetAccountIntervall(v string)`

SetAccountIntervall sets AccountIntervall field to given value.

### HasAccountIntervall

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) HasAccountIntervall() bool`

HasAccountIntervall returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetAccountIntervallNil

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetAccountIntervallNil(b bool)`

 SetAccountIntervallNil sets the value for AccountIntervall to be an explicit nil

### UnsetAccountIntervall
`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) UnsetAccountIntervall()`

UnsetAccountIntervall ensures that no value is present for AccountIntervall, not even an explicit nil
### GetAccountNextInvoice

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetAccountNextInvoice() int32`

GetAccountNextInvoice returns the AccountNextInvoice field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAccountNextInvoiceOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetAccountNextInvoiceOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetAccountNextInvoiceOk returns a tuple with the AccountNextInvoice field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAccountNextInvoice

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetAccountNextInvoice(v int32)`

SetAccountNextInvoice sets AccountNextInvoice field to given value.

### HasAccountNextInvoice

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) HasAccountNextInvoice() bool`

HasAccountNextInvoice returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetAccountNextInvoiceNil

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetAccountNextInvoiceNil(b bool)`

 SetAccountNextInvoiceNil sets the value for AccountNextInvoice to be an explicit nil

### UnsetAccountNextInvoice
`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) UnsetAccountNextInvoice()`

UnsetAccountNextInvoice ensures that no value is present for AccountNextInvoice, not even an explicit nil
### GetReminderTotal

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetReminderTotal() float32`

GetReminderTotal returns the ReminderTotal field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetReminderTotalOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetReminderTotalOk() (*float32, bool)`

GetReminderTotalOk returns a tuple with the ReminderTotal field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetReminderTotal

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetReminderTotal(v float32)`

SetReminderTotal sets ReminderTotal field to given value.

### HasReminderTotal

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) HasReminderTotal() bool`

HasReminderTotal returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetReminderTotalNil

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetReminderTotalNil(b bool)`

 SetReminderTotalNil sets the value for ReminderTotal to be an explicit nil

### UnsetReminderTotal
`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) UnsetReminderTotal()`

UnsetReminderTotal ensures that no value is present for ReminderTotal, not even an explicit nil
### GetReminderDebit

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetReminderDebit() float32`

GetReminderDebit returns the ReminderDebit field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetReminderDebitOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetReminderDebitOk() (*float32, bool)`

GetReminderDebitOk returns a tuple with the ReminderDebit field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetReminderDebit

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetReminderDebit(v float32)`

SetReminderDebit sets ReminderDebit field to given value.

### HasReminderDebit

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) HasReminderDebit() bool`

HasReminderDebit returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetReminderDebitNil

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetReminderDebitNil(b bool)`

 SetReminderDebitNil sets the value for ReminderDebit to be an explicit nil

### UnsetReminderDebit
`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) UnsetReminderDebit()`

UnsetReminderDebit ensures that no value is present for ReminderDebit, not even an explicit nil
### GetReminderDeadline

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetReminderDeadline() int32`

GetReminderDeadline returns the ReminderDeadline field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetReminderDeadlineOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetReminderDeadlineOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetReminderDeadlineOk returns a tuple with the ReminderDeadline field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetReminderDeadline

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetReminderDeadline(v int32)`

SetReminderDeadline sets ReminderDeadline field to given value.

### HasReminderDeadline

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) HasReminderDeadline() bool`

HasReminderDeadline returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetReminderDeadlineNil

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetReminderDeadlineNil(b bool)`

 SetReminderDeadlineNil sets the value for ReminderDeadline to be an explicit nil

### UnsetReminderDeadline
`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) UnsetReminderDeadline()`

UnsetReminderDeadline ensures that no value is present for ReminderDeadline, not even an explicit nil
### GetReminderCharge

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetReminderCharge() float32`

GetReminderCharge returns the ReminderCharge field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetReminderChargeOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetReminderChargeOk() (*float32, bool)`

GetReminderChargeOk returns a tuple with the ReminderCharge field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetReminderCharge

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetReminderCharge(v float32)`

SetReminderCharge sets ReminderCharge field to given value.

### HasReminderCharge

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) HasReminderCharge() bool`

HasReminderCharge returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetReminderChargeNil

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetReminderChargeNil(b bool)`

 SetReminderChargeNil sets the value for ReminderCharge to be an explicit nil

### UnsetReminderCharge
`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) UnsetReminderCharge()`

UnsetReminderCharge ensures that no value is present for ReminderCharge, not even an explicit nil
### GetTaxSet

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetTaxSet() ModelInvoiceUpdateTaxSet`

GetTaxSet returns the TaxSet field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTaxSetOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetTaxSetOk() (*ModelInvoiceUpdateTaxSet, bool)`

GetTaxSetOk returns a tuple with the TaxSet field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTaxSet

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetTaxSet(v ModelInvoiceUpdateTaxSet)`

SetTaxSet sets TaxSet field to given value.

### HasTaxSet

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) HasTaxSet() bool`

HasTaxSet returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetTaxSetNil

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetTaxSetNil(b bool)`

 SetTaxSetNil sets the value for TaxSet to be an explicit nil

### UnsetTaxSet
`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) UnsetTaxSet()`

UnsetTaxSet ensures that no value is present for TaxSet, not even an explicit nil
### GetAddress

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetAddress() string`

GetAddress returns the Address field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAddressOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetAddressOk() (*string, bool)`

GetAddressOk returns a tuple with the Address field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAddress

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetAddress(v string)`

SetAddress sets Address field to given value.

### HasAddress

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) HasAddress() bool`

HasAddress returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetAddressNil

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetAddressNil(b bool)`

 SetAddressNil sets the value for Address to be an explicit nil

### UnsetAddress
`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) UnsetAddress()`

UnsetAddress ensures that no value is present for Address, not even an explicit nil
### GetCurrency

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetCurrency() string`

GetCurrency returns the Currency field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCurrencyOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetCurrencyOk() (*string, bool)`

GetCurrencyOk returns a tuple with the Currency field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCurrency

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetCurrency(v string)`

SetCurrency sets Currency field to given value.

### HasCurrency

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) HasCurrency() bool`

HasCurrency returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetCurrencyNil

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetCurrencyNil(b bool)`

 SetCurrencyNil sets the value for Currency to be an explicit nil

### UnsetCurrency
`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) UnsetCurrency()`

UnsetCurrency ensures that no value is present for Currency, not even an explicit nil
### GetSumNet

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetSumNet() float32`

GetSumNet returns the SumNet field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSumNetOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetSumNetOk() (*float32, bool)`

GetSumNetOk returns a tuple with the SumNet field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSumNet

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetSumNet(v float32)`

SetSumNet sets SumNet field to given value.

### HasSumNet

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) HasSumNet() bool`

HasSumNet returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetSumNetNil

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetSumNetNil(b bool)`

 SetSumNetNil sets the value for SumNet to be an explicit nil

### UnsetSumNet
`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) UnsetSumNet()`

UnsetSumNet ensures that no value is present for SumNet, not even an explicit nil
### GetSumTax

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetSumTax() float32`

GetSumTax returns the SumTax field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSumTaxOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetSumTaxOk() (*float32, bool)`

GetSumTaxOk returns a tuple with the SumTax field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSumTax

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetSumTax(v float32)`

SetSumTax sets SumTax field to given value.

### HasSumTax

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) HasSumTax() bool`

HasSumTax returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetSumTaxNil

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetSumTaxNil(b bool)`

 SetSumTaxNil sets the value for SumTax to be an explicit nil

### UnsetSumTax
`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) UnsetSumTax()`

UnsetSumTax ensures that no value is present for SumTax, not even an explicit nil
### GetSumGross

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetSumGross() float32`

GetSumGross returns the SumGross field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSumGrossOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetSumGrossOk() (*float32, bool)`

GetSumGrossOk returns a tuple with the SumGross field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSumGross

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetSumGross(v float32)`

SetSumGross sets SumGross field to given value.

### HasSumGross

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) HasSumGross() bool`

HasSumGross returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetSumGrossNil

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetSumGrossNil(b bool)`

 SetSumGrossNil sets the value for SumGross to be an explicit nil

### UnsetSumGross
`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) UnsetSumGross()`

UnsetSumGross ensures that no value is present for SumGross, not even an explicit nil
### GetSumDiscounts

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetSumDiscounts() float32`

GetSumDiscounts returns the SumDiscounts field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSumDiscountsOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetSumDiscountsOk() (*float32, bool)`

GetSumDiscountsOk returns a tuple with the SumDiscounts field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSumDiscounts

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetSumDiscounts(v float32)`

SetSumDiscounts sets SumDiscounts field to given value.

### HasSumDiscounts

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) HasSumDiscounts() bool`

HasSumDiscounts returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetSumDiscountsNil

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetSumDiscountsNil(b bool)`

 SetSumDiscountsNil sets the value for SumDiscounts to be an explicit nil

### UnsetSumDiscounts
`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) UnsetSumDiscounts()`

UnsetSumDiscounts ensures that no value is present for SumDiscounts, not even an explicit nil
### GetSumNetForeignCurrency

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetSumNetForeignCurrency() float32`

GetSumNetForeignCurrency returns the SumNetForeignCurrency field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSumNetForeignCurrencyOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetSumNetForeignCurrencyOk() (*float32, bool)`

GetSumNetForeignCurrencyOk returns a tuple with the SumNetForeignCurrency field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSumNetForeignCurrency

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetSumNetForeignCurrency(v float32)`

SetSumNetForeignCurrency sets SumNetForeignCurrency field to given value.

### HasSumNetForeignCurrency

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) HasSumNetForeignCurrency() bool`

HasSumNetForeignCurrency returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetSumNetForeignCurrencyNil

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetSumNetForeignCurrencyNil(b bool)`

 SetSumNetForeignCurrencyNil sets the value for SumNetForeignCurrency to be an explicit nil

### UnsetSumNetForeignCurrency
`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) UnsetSumNetForeignCurrency()`

UnsetSumNetForeignCurrency ensures that no value is present for SumNetForeignCurrency, not even an explicit nil
### GetSumTaxForeignCurrency

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetSumTaxForeignCurrency() float32`

GetSumTaxForeignCurrency returns the SumTaxForeignCurrency field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSumTaxForeignCurrencyOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetSumTaxForeignCurrencyOk() (*float32, bool)`

GetSumTaxForeignCurrencyOk returns a tuple with the SumTaxForeignCurrency field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSumTaxForeignCurrency

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetSumTaxForeignCurrency(v float32)`

SetSumTaxForeignCurrency sets SumTaxForeignCurrency field to given value.

### HasSumTaxForeignCurrency

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) HasSumTaxForeignCurrency() bool`

HasSumTaxForeignCurrency returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetSumTaxForeignCurrencyNil

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetSumTaxForeignCurrencyNil(b bool)`

 SetSumTaxForeignCurrencyNil sets the value for SumTaxForeignCurrency to be an explicit nil

### UnsetSumTaxForeignCurrency
`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) UnsetSumTaxForeignCurrency()`

UnsetSumTaxForeignCurrency ensures that no value is present for SumTaxForeignCurrency, not even an explicit nil
### GetSumGrossForeignCurrency

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetSumGrossForeignCurrency() float32`

GetSumGrossForeignCurrency returns the SumGrossForeignCurrency field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSumGrossForeignCurrencyOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetSumGrossForeignCurrencyOk() (*float32, bool)`

GetSumGrossForeignCurrencyOk returns a tuple with the SumGrossForeignCurrency field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSumGrossForeignCurrency

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetSumGrossForeignCurrency(v float32)`

SetSumGrossForeignCurrency sets SumGrossForeignCurrency field to given value.

### HasSumGrossForeignCurrency

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) HasSumGrossForeignCurrency() bool`

HasSumGrossForeignCurrency returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetSumGrossForeignCurrencyNil

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetSumGrossForeignCurrencyNil(b bool)`

 SetSumGrossForeignCurrencyNil sets the value for SumGrossForeignCurrency to be an explicit nil

### UnsetSumGrossForeignCurrency
`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) UnsetSumGrossForeignCurrency()`

UnsetSumGrossForeignCurrency ensures that no value is present for SumGrossForeignCurrency, not even an explicit nil
### GetSumDiscountsForeignCurrency

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetSumDiscountsForeignCurrency() float32`

GetSumDiscountsForeignCurrency returns the SumDiscountsForeignCurrency field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSumDiscountsForeignCurrencyOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetSumDiscountsForeignCurrencyOk() (*float32, bool)`

GetSumDiscountsForeignCurrencyOk returns a tuple with the SumDiscountsForeignCurrency field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSumDiscountsForeignCurrency

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetSumDiscountsForeignCurrency(v float32)`

SetSumDiscountsForeignCurrency sets SumDiscountsForeignCurrency field to given value.

### HasSumDiscountsForeignCurrency

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) HasSumDiscountsForeignCurrency() bool`

HasSumDiscountsForeignCurrency returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetSumDiscountsForeignCurrencyNil

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetSumDiscountsForeignCurrencyNil(b bool)`

 SetSumDiscountsForeignCurrencyNil sets the value for SumDiscountsForeignCurrency to be an explicit nil

### UnsetSumDiscountsForeignCurrency
`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) UnsetSumDiscountsForeignCurrency()`

UnsetSumDiscountsForeignCurrency ensures that no value is present for SumDiscountsForeignCurrency, not even an explicit nil
### GetSumNetAccounting

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetSumNetAccounting() float32`

GetSumNetAccounting returns the SumNetAccounting field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSumNetAccountingOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetSumNetAccountingOk() (*float32, bool)`

GetSumNetAccountingOk returns a tuple with the SumNetAccounting field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSumNetAccounting

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetSumNetAccounting(v float32)`

SetSumNetAccounting sets SumNetAccounting field to given value.

### HasSumNetAccounting

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) HasSumNetAccounting() bool`

HasSumNetAccounting returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetSumNetAccountingNil

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetSumNetAccountingNil(b bool)`

 SetSumNetAccountingNil sets the value for SumNetAccounting to be an explicit nil

### UnsetSumNetAccounting
`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) UnsetSumNetAccounting()`

UnsetSumNetAccounting ensures that no value is present for SumNetAccounting, not even an explicit nil
### GetSumTaxAccounting

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetSumTaxAccounting() float32`

GetSumTaxAccounting returns the SumTaxAccounting field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSumTaxAccountingOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetSumTaxAccountingOk() (*float32, bool)`

GetSumTaxAccountingOk returns a tuple with the SumTaxAccounting field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSumTaxAccounting

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetSumTaxAccounting(v float32)`

SetSumTaxAccounting sets SumTaxAccounting field to given value.

### HasSumTaxAccounting

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) HasSumTaxAccounting() bool`

HasSumTaxAccounting returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetSumTaxAccountingNil

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetSumTaxAccountingNil(b bool)`

 SetSumTaxAccountingNil sets the value for SumTaxAccounting to be an explicit nil

### UnsetSumTaxAccounting
`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) UnsetSumTaxAccounting()`

UnsetSumTaxAccounting ensures that no value is present for SumTaxAccounting, not even an explicit nil
### GetSumGrossAccounting

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetSumGrossAccounting() float32`

GetSumGrossAccounting returns the SumGrossAccounting field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSumGrossAccountingOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetSumGrossAccountingOk() (*float32, bool)`

GetSumGrossAccountingOk returns a tuple with the SumGrossAccounting field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSumGrossAccounting

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetSumGrossAccounting(v float32)`

SetSumGrossAccounting sets SumGrossAccounting field to given value.

### HasSumGrossAccounting

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) HasSumGrossAccounting() bool`

HasSumGrossAccounting returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetSumGrossAccountingNil

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetSumGrossAccountingNil(b bool)`

 SetSumGrossAccountingNil sets the value for SumGrossAccounting to be an explicit nil

### UnsetSumGrossAccounting
`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) UnsetSumGrossAccounting()`

UnsetSumGrossAccounting ensures that no value is present for SumGrossAccounting, not even an explicit nil
### GetPaidAmount

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetPaidAmount() float32`

GetPaidAmount returns the PaidAmount field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPaidAmountOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetPaidAmountOk() (*float32, bool)`

GetPaidAmountOk returns a tuple with the PaidAmount field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPaidAmount

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetPaidAmount(v float32)`

SetPaidAmount sets PaidAmount field to given value.

### HasPaidAmount

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) HasPaidAmount() bool`

HasPaidAmount returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetPaidAmountNil

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetPaidAmountNil(b bool)`

 SetPaidAmountNil sets the value for PaidAmount to be an explicit nil

### UnsetPaidAmount
`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) UnsetPaidAmount()`

UnsetPaidAmount ensures that no value is present for PaidAmount, not even an explicit nil
### GetCustomerInternalNote

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetCustomerInternalNote() string`

GetCustomerInternalNote returns the CustomerInternalNote field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCustomerInternalNoteOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetCustomerInternalNoteOk() (*string, bool)`

GetCustomerInternalNoteOk returns a tuple with the CustomerInternalNote field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCustomerInternalNote

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetCustomerInternalNote(v string)`

SetCustomerInternalNote sets CustomerInternalNote field to given value.

### HasCustomerInternalNote

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) HasCustomerInternalNote() bool`

HasCustomerInternalNote returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetCustomerInternalNoteNil

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetCustomerInternalNoteNil(b bool)`

 SetCustomerInternalNoteNil sets the value for CustomerInternalNote to be an explicit nil

### UnsetCustomerInternalNote
`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) UnsetCustomerInternalNote()`

UnsetCustomerInternalNote ensures that no value is present for CustomerInternalNote, not even an explicit nil
### GetShowNet

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetShowNet() bool`

GetShowNet returns the ShowNet field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetShowNetOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetShowNetOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetShowNetOk returns a tuple with the ShowNet field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetShowNet

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetShowNet(v bool)`

SetShowNet sets ShowNet field to given value.

### HasShowNet

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) HasShowNet() bool`

HasShowNet returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetShowNetNil

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetShowNetNil(b bool)`

 SetShowNetNil sets the value for ShowNet to be an explicit nil

### UnsetShowNet
`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) UnsetShowNet()`

UnsetShowNet ensures that no value is present for ShowNet, not even an explicit nil
### GetEnshrined

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetEnshrined() time.Time`

GetEnshrined returns the Enshrined field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetEnshrinedOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetEnshrinedOk() (*time.Time, bool)`

GetEnshrinedOk returns a tuple with the Enshrined field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetEnshrined

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetEnshrined(v time.Time)`

SetEnshrined sets Enshrined field to given value.

### HasEnshrined

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) HasEnshrined() bool`

HasEnshrined returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetEnshrinedNil

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetEnshrinedNil(b bool)`

 SetEnshrinedNil sets the value for Enshrined to be an explicit nil

### UnsetEnshrined
`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) UnsetEnshrined()`

UnsetEnshrined ensures that no value is present for Enshrined, not even an explicit nil
### GetSendType

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetSendType() string`

GetSendType returns the SendType field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSendTypeOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetSendTypeOk() (*string, bool)`

GetSendTypeOk returns a tuple with the SendType field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSendType

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetSendType(v string)`

SetSendType sets SendType field to given value.

### HasSendType

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) HasSendType() bool`

HasSendType returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetSendTypeNil

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetSendTypeNil(b bool)`

 SetSendTypeNil sets the value for SendType to be an explicit nil

### UnsetSendType
`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) UnsetSendType()`

UnsetSendType ensures that no value is present for SendType, not even an explicit nil
### GetDeliveryDateUntil

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetDeliveryDateUntil() int32`

GetDeliveryDateUntil returns the DeliveryDateUntil field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDeliveryDateUntilOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetDeliveryDateUntilOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetDeliveryDateUntilOk returns a tuple with the DeliveryDateUntil field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDeliveryDateUntil

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetDeliveryDateUntil(v int32)`

SetDeliveryDateUntil sets DeliveryDateUntil field to given value.

### HasDeliveryDateUntil

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) HasDeliveryDateUntil() bool`

HasDeliveryDateUntil returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetDeliveryDateUntilNil

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetDeliveryDateUntilNil(b bool)`

 SetDeliveryDateUntilNil sets the value for DeliveryDateUntil to be an explicit nil

### UnsetDeliveryDateUntil
`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) UnsetDeliveryDateUntil()`

UnsetDeliveryDateUntil ensures that no value is present for DeliveryDateUntil, not even an explicit nil
### GetDatevConnectOnline

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetDatevConnectOnline() map[string]interface{}`

GetDatevConnectOnline returns the DatevConnectOnline field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDatevConnectOnlineOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetDatevConnectOnlineOk() (*map[string]interface{}, bool)`

GetDatevConnectOnlineOk returns a tuple with the DatevConnectOnline field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDatevConnectOnline

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetDatevConnectOnline(v map[string]interface{})`

SetDatevConnectOnline sets DatevConnectOnline field to given value.

### HasDatevConnectOnline

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) HasDatevConnectOnline() bool`

HasDatevConnectOnline returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetDatevConnectOnlineNil

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetDatevConnectOnlineNil(b bool)`

 SetDatevConnectOnlineNil sets the value for DatevConnectOnline to be an explicit nil

### UnsetDatevConnectOnline
`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) UnsetDatevConnectOnline()`

UnsetDatevConnectOnline ensures that no value is present for DatevConnectOnline, not even an explicit nil
### GetSendPaymentReceivedNotificationDate

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetSendPaymentReceivedNotificationDate() int32`

GetSendPaymentReceivedNotificationDate returns the SendPaymentReceivedNotificationDate field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSendPaymentReceivedNotificationDateOk

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) GetSendPaymentReceivedNotificationDateOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetSendPaymentReceivedNotificationDateOk returns a tuple with the SendPaymentReceivedNotificationDate field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSendPaymentReceivedNotificationDate

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetSendPaymentReceivedNotificationDate(v int32)`

SetSendPaymentReceivedNotificationDate sets SendPaymentReceivedNotificationDate field to given value.

### HasSendPaymentReceivedNotificationDate

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) HasSendPaymentReceivedNotificationDate() bool`

HasSendPaymentReceivedNotificationDate returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetSendPaymentReceivedNotificationDateNil

`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) SetSendPaymentReceivedNotificationDateNil(b bool)`

 SetSendPaymentReceivedNotificationDateNil sets the value for SendPaymentReceivedNotificationDate to be an explicit nil

### UnsetSendPaymentReceivedNotificationDate
`func (o *ModelInvoiceUpdate) UnsetSendPaymentReceivedNotificationDate()`

UnsetSendPaymentReceivedNotificationDate ensures that no value is present for SendPaymentReceivedNotificationDate, not even an explicit nil

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


